I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Flying Vet
Peppa has brought Goody the fish
to the vet for a check-up.
You've got a healthy happy fish.
Thank you, Doctor Hamster!
Hello.
Hello, Doctor Hamster! This is Mr. Elephant.
Mr. Elephant and his family are out for a walk
in the mountains.
We've found a sick lizard.
It's a gecko.
Edmond knows all about lizards.
He is a clever-clogs.
I'll be straight there.
Woo! Can we come too?
Of course! Let's go!
Are we going in an ambulance?
No. The mountain's too far away!
We'll go in my aeroplane!
Woo!
Aeroplane! Mow!
George loves aeroplanes.
All aboard!
Up bounds away!
I didn't know you had an aeroplane,
Doctor Hamster!
Oh, yes! I'm the flying vet.
Thank goodness. The vet's here.
Stand aside. Vet's coming through!
Where's the sick lizard?
Here it is!
Oh, poor little gecko.
What is wrong with the lizard?
It seems to be upside down.
Are you slipped over? There!
Doctor Hamster has made the lizard better.
Hooray!
Oh, another emergency.
Hello.
Hello, Grandpa Pig here.
Grandpa Pig is out sailing his boat.
It's Polly. She's a sick parrot.
Er. Sick parrot.
I'll be right there.
Look, Polly. It's the flying vet.
Where are we going to land?
This is a seaplane, Peppa.
We can land on the water.
Wow!
Hello, Peppa? George?
Hello, Grandpa.
We've come to make Polly better.
How long has Polly been sick?
Since we came out on our boat trip.
Uh-ha! I know what's wrong with Polly.
She's sea sick.
Oh?
Get Polly to dry land.
The sooner the better.
There's an island.
There we go!
Better Polly?
Er. better Polly.
Hooray!
Polly is not a sick parrot anymore.
Oh, another emergency.
Hello.
Hello, Daddy Pig here.
Daddy Pig is in his office.
There are some ducklings stuck on our roof.
I'll be right there.
Thank goodness, you're here.
Stand aside. Doctor Hamster's here.
Mrs. Duck laid her eggs on our roof.
And now the ducklings have hatched.
Who can make a quacking noise?
Me! I'm very good at quacking.
Peppa, start quacking
and the ducklings will follow you.
Quack! Quack! Quack!
Lead them to the duck pond please, Peppa.
OK, I'm Mummy Duck.
Quack! Quack! Quack!
The ducklings are back with their mummy and daddy.
All because of me.
Ho ho ho!
Hello.
Is it another emergency?
Yes, it's Mr. Hamster.
I'm late for my tea. Bye!
Bye-bye, Doctor Hamster.
Thank you.
No problem.
It's all in a day's work, got a flying vet.